Update direct-routing-border-controllers.md (#2717)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/direct-routing-border-controllers.md

|                     [TE-SYSTEMS](https://www.anynode.de/anynode-and-microsoft-teams/)                               |     anynode         |     &#10004;   |  &#10004;   |      v3.16.2      |

To give us product feedback about Teams, such as ideas for new features, please visit [Uservoice](https://microsoftteams.uservoice.com)

> Note the certification granted a a major version. That means that firmware with any number in the SBC firmware after the major version is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note the certification granted to a major version. That means that firmware with any number in the SBC firmware following the major version is supported.
```
Not sure - please confirm that this is correct.
